So we can basically just completely avoid this quirky behavior.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy our arrays right here.
And then I'm going to comment them out and then pop down and add them right here and I'll do the same
thing with my counseled out logs just copy them and common to melt and move down and pop them right
down here.
So the first thing we need to do is get rid of these new keywords right here.
And then after that all we're going to do is right after the break he will add a dot of like so then
whenever I do a raid 2 and then I log the length you'll see that the length of this array right here
is 1.
Even though I passed in a numeric value as the one and only argument.
So this is a great way to avoid the quirky behavior associated with the array constructor but other
than that they work very similarly to each other you just pass in values and those values are set as
the items in the array.
So other than that it's pretty normal and it works also very similarly to doing something like for example
array literal syntax like at are for.
And then just doing an array like that.
So most of the time you can use either one of these syntax.
And it'll work out just fine.
The one case where you might want to use a array of instead is if you need to pass in for example an
Array constructor.
So for example will you function and we'll call it create a array and it's going to take a re construct
and then some values like so and inside of here we're just going to return array.
Construct and then call it and with the values that are to be passed in in this case I would definitely
not recommend passing in a traditional array constructor like so a reference to the Array constructor.
Instead I would recommend that you pass an array of Especially if you cannot guarantee that the values
will be non numeric value.
So in this particular case you would have to use array of instead of passing in for example something
like an array literal.